Assignment: Product Mindset
My Whiteboard 
-Helps  to teach people at anytime anywhere.
Tecahers and students next tool to make the virtual classrom more productive.
My WhiteBoard feature enable teacher to explain the concepts in more efficient manner in this digital era.Students who are listening to the class can now save there boards and revise wherever they need.
As the world is fighting with pandemic and staying at home is more pivotal in this pandemic situation.But due this the  progress and improvements had stopped .
As we know teaching and learning should never stop because  thats the base line for problem solving and development.
My whiteboard solves the problem of making teaching is more easy then ever before.Teacher now can teach the students in more systamtic manner from there homes.My whiteboards also let students to connect with the enivronment with interactive features.
My whiteboard has unique feature of voice assistant  (simba) that helps to wrtie on board what the teacher is talking about.The teacher shouldnt need to open a new tab to seach for anything,My whiteboard has feature to search anything and that will be displayed on board with split screen or full screen.My Whiteboard can store the class data in each class folder and retrive previous board if required.

"My Whiteboards are designed keeping accessibility in mind.This is tool is very easy and efficient to use." -Senior Developer Lakshmana."We are happy to be a part of making learning progress in this pandemic situation with My Whiteboards."-Mr Rao

"With My whiteboards we are happy to conduct effictive class virtually". Physics tecaher ,State Public school.
   ~~~let learning neverstops with My Whiteboard~~~
FAQ:
1-How can I start using My Whiteborads?
Teacher can login to account and share My whiteBoard link to students and only have acces to students with student id account.

2-Do teacher can save work which is wriiten on My Whiteboard?
Yes,My whiteboard have that feature to save the work and acces when it requires

3-Does teacher can change the board colors?
Yes,the teacher can change the borad and pen color according to convinent.

4-which devices support My WhiteBoards?
My Whiteboards are designed to acces in laptops(browser) and mobiles

